hi I'm Stu Park the research director at
Center a chemical where we make taro and
control products we've got people
calling us all the time saying I've got
ants what's the first thing I do what do
I do and you tell the same thing every
time you start with baiting put the ants
to work for you okay and then you
remember three things
it's bait weight and eliminate okay
hey wait eliminate what's that about
okay it's about let's put some bait out
the bait the ants are going to accept
the quickest is a liquid because they
can carry most of it back and we've got
taro liquid ant bait it's very safe use
around kids and pets it's a sweet food
based part therefore sweet liquid with
five percent borax okay so it's safe use
inside the house and outside the house
all right and the ants are going to do
the work for us they're going to come
and get this bait the worker ants and
deliver it to our primary target the
queen of the chronic and knock her out
okay so big you can use drops on a card
inside I like to use these small indoor
liquid bait stations you just cut this
open set it down it keeps the bait fresh
out door we have this outdoor liquid
bait station very cool remove the stakes
it's got the same liquid the same bait
set it down get it a turn the ants will
crawl up in here put this right on the
outside wall if you're going after ants
you've got to get to the con the
quickest way to do that is with a date
and the best form of that bait is going
to be a liquid so it's going to be bait
weight because you're going to get more
ants for a couple days you might
actually have more ants coming at you
which is a little bit maddening people
want to just grab an aerosol can but you
gotta wait and then sure enough you'll
see after about three or four days an
ant colony
crash okay all right wait wait lemon
it's simple you just need the right
product Jerell liquid